- [Nana] The place
where I grew up
is surrounded by mountains.
It's not very big and
it's not very small.
Even though it's not a big city,
it's not a tiny village way
out in the country either.
There's not a lot of stuff
for tourists to do there.
I'm the middle child
in our family.
I was left on my own most
of the time.
I come from a typical
middle class home.
My life has been nothing
but average
and I was just about to graduate
from my very average
all-girl's high school.
(rock music)
- [Nana] Tokyo?
- [Takashi] Yeah.
I leave next week.
- [Nana] And it's not
just a business trip?
- A transfer.
The main office made the
decision all of a sudden.
What a pain...
- What?
This is a disaster.
Hold on. Tokyo is only two
hours away by bullet train.
And we only meet once in
a while anyway.
- [Takashi] It's gonna be lonely
not being able to see
you anymore.
It's been great hanging
out with you.
Thank you.
(somber piano music)
- Several months before
July of 1999,
the demon Lord of
terror sought me out
and came crashing down.
I already knew the relationship
didn't have a future,
but for it to end so
suddenly, so coldly...
There was no point in
crying about it.
(Nana crying)
- But you are crying.
- But Jun, I can't help it.
- Pull yourself together.
I told you not to get
involved in a relationship
where you were cheating
with a married man.
- Cheating with a married man?
Sounds like a country song!
- Cheating with a sugar daddy.
- I never took a single cent
from Takashi and you know it!
- You sure missed an
opportunity there.
You should have gotten
what you could out of him
'cause he got a free ride.
- Jun! How can you say that?
- Hmm. I'm just kidding you,
Nana.
I know how much you cared
about this guy.
You had a serious
thing going on.
- Oh, Junko.
- [Junko] But if you
look at it from his side,
he probably thought you were
an easy high school girl.
- Easy? What makes you
think I'm like that?
- I'm just saying that's
how older guys
look at us high school students.
- Takashi's not an old guy.
- When you look at it from the
perspective
of a high school student, any
guy who wears a suit is old.
- Why does nothing ever
go right for me?
Even my name brings me bad luck.
"Nana" means seven and
seven is the number
that appears in Nostradamus's
prophecies as a bad omen
so it's no wonder I'm cursed.
- Even if your name was eight,
it wouldn't make any difference.
He'd still be going to Tokyo.
- That's it. I'm going.
- Where? To Tokyo?
- No, to the salon for
a new hairstyle.
That way no guy will think
I'm just some easy
high school girl.
- But we're graduating today.
So you won't look like an easy
high school girl ever again.
- Oh, Jun! The ceremony!
We're late!
Oh no!
Looking back over my life
in high school,
it wouldn't be an
exaggeration to say
that it started with
love and ended with love.
When I came to this all-girls
school,
I never thought I'd
meet any guys.
But then I felt instantly
in love with Mr. Okomoto,
the art teacher.
I wasn't that good at drawing
or anything,
but I decided to join
the art club with a girl
from my class, Junko, who
I soon became friends with.
I really started to like
art a lot, but after a year,
Mr. Okomoto moved to a different
school.
Next, I fell for Mr. Nokomora,
the hipster who worked at the
video store near my house.
When I finally got the guts to
ask him, he just blew me off.
Next was Mr. Kawasaki,
the cool guy who worked
with me at the restaurant.
And then there was Yoshida,
the baby faced pizza delivery
guy.
Despite meeting all these guys,
none of them ever led
to anything.
I convinced myself I wasn't
attractive enough for them.
So I went on a diet.
I decided I would have
to start taking the time
to get to know the person before
falling in love with them.
By that time I was going
into my senior year
and summer had just started.
That's when I finally met him.
- [Takashi] Hey, what happened?
Are you all right?
- [Nana] Yeah. Sorry.
I'm fine.
- You don't look fine.
Your face is pale.
- [Nana] Takashi Asano.
29 years old.
At least, that's what he
told me.
Who knows if that
was his real name or not.
It was love at first sight.
- [Takashi] A diet?
- Yeah. I think that's why I
get a little dizzy sometimes.
- I don't know why you
think you need to diet.
You're cute just as you are.
- [Nana] I'm cute?
- So do you often come to
the movies by yourself?
- Yeah. All the time.
I love movies.
I don't know why, but I enjoy
watching them on my own.
- I know. I understand.
Me too.
- [Nana] But I wouldn't
mind going with you.
- Well, I better get going.
You seem to be feeling a lot
better now.
- Wait, is there
anything I can do to thank you?
- Don't worry. It was
my pleasure.
Be careful on your
way home. Okay?
It's getting late.
- He's so handsome. So
kind and such a gentleman.
He's perfect.
Hey, I...
I work part-time at a
little restaurant
just around the corner
from here.
If you have the chance he
should drop by sometime
so I can repay you.
Two weeks passed and
there was no sign of him.
The more time went by, the
more I wanted to see him again.
Then one day I was leaving
the restaurant
at the end of my shift and
there he was waiting for me.
The moment I saw him standing
there,
I knew I was totally
in love with him.
It felt like I was being
swept away.
Of course, I noticed the
wedding ring right away,
but somehow I was able to
ignore it.
I was really in love
with him
and I truly believed
he loved me too.
The only thing I knew about
him was his cell phone number.
I had no idea where he
lived or where he worked.
We met two or three
times a month
and we always did
the same thing.
We'd go for a drive.
And then we'd end up in a hotel
room.
We never went anywhere we
might be seen together.
And like a fool,
I convinced myself that
he was in love with me.
If our relationship had
kept going like that,
my innocence would've
faded away.
Breaking up with him was
the best thing
that could have happened.
At least that's what I told
myself
as I tried to get on
with my life.
I'm starting at the local
art school in the spring
and it's co-ed!
So maybe in the middle of
all my studies,
I'll get a chance to meet
someone special.
Nana Komatsu: high school
graduate.
- Please don't tell me the only
reason
you're going to art school
is so you can meet guys?
- I can't believe you said that!
I came here to study art
just like you!
- Oh, that's a relief
'cause no guy's gonna be
interested in you
with a hairstyle like that.
- You think?
Anyway, I finally realized
something about myself,
all these different guys?
I seem to have a thing
for older men, right?
- It took you this long
to figure that out?
- Maybe that's why things
never worked out for me
because they were older. Now
that I'm in a new school,
there's lots of guys my own age.
So we'll have more in common.
And I might find that special
guy
who could be the man
of my dreams.
- She did come here to
meet guys after all.
Just try not to fall in love
with the first guy you see.
(romantic music)
- [Nana] My eyes met his.
The boy with such
beautiful eyes.
What?
Why is he coming over here?
- Junko! You are Junko right?
- Is that you, Shoji?
- That's right! It's Me!
Shoji Endo.
- [Junko] Your hair's
so different.
I didn't recognize you.
- It's been a long time.
Must have been what?
Three years since we were
in junior high together?
- Ah, please don't tell me
you've signed up for
this class too.
What a disaster.
I don't know if I can deal
with two loud mouths at once.
One's bad enough.
- Oh, you mean your friend?
She's a loud mouth?
- Uh-huh.
She's my sidekick from high
school
and I have to say she's
a big loud mouth.
- Really? What's your name?
- I'm Nana Komatsu.
It's nice to meet you.
- My name's Shoji Endo.
It's a pleasure.
- [Nana] Look at that smile.
- Eh...
- Come sit over here.
One of my friends from
high school is here too.
- Hey, how's it going?
I'm Kyosuke Takakura
- [Nana] He's pretty hot too!
Campus life is the best.
Isn't it, Junko?
- What do you mean campus life?
Neither of us live on campus.
Besides it's not like
we're in university.
We go to an art school.
- Oh yeah. I'm sorry.
Don't worry about me Jun.
I know Shoji is your
ace in the hole.
I promise I won't stand
in your way.
- My ace in the hole?
You don't know what you're
talking about. Do you?
I thought you weren't
gonna throw yourself
at the first guy who
came along Nana.
And anyway, you should
know that Shoji and I
are nothing more than friends.
- You liar!
I can't believe that if
there's a good looking guy
in the same class,
you wouldn't have some
sort of crush on him.
- Not everyone thinks the
same way as you.
In junior high I had tons
of guy friends
that I didn't fall in love
with them one after another.
- Really? You had a lot
of male friends?
I don't think I've ever had
a relationship with a guy
where we were just friends ever.
Why is that?
- Because you look at men
as males
and you don't realize
that inside
they're actually human beings.
- Right, that makes total sense.
So I need to change
the way I look at them.
That's it. I've decided!
Shoji and I are gonna become
friends and nothing else.
- Uh...
Nana, you can't just decide
to become friends with someone.
- But if I don't make a
conscious choice to become
friends,
I'm gonna fall in love with him.
- If you fall in love, you fall
in love
and there's nothing you can do
about it,
but there's nothing wrong
with trying to just be friends
with him.
In fact, in your case, I
think it's a great idea.
- Thanks so much Jun! I'm
gonna give it my best shot.
- Your best shot?
(phone rings)
This is Junko.
Oh, hi there, Shoji.
- [Nana] No.
Okay. Calm down.
I gotta remember, we're
just friends.
(gentle music)
- Hey we're here!
- Thanks for inviting us over.
- Wow. So awesome!
Even though your parents live
in town,
you still got your own place.
- Well that's 'cause their
house is really far from school.
- [Shoji] I live far away too.
- Poor Shoji. He'd get so lonely
if he had to move out of
his grandmother's place.
- Actually. That's true.
- Where do you live, Kyosuke?
- Not far from here.
- Really? Where?
- [Kyosuke] Just behind
the convenience store.
- [Junko] No way! We're
practically neighbors.
- [Nana] Friends, friends.
- You've been pretty quiet so
far, Nana.
I thought you were supposed
to be a loud mouth.
Don't tell me you've gone all
shy.
- No, no, that's not it at all.
Damn. How do I talk to him as a
friend?
- Oh, maybe you don't
do so well around guys
because you went to an all-girls
school.
- That isn't the case at all.
Actually Nana was seeing
someone until just recently-
- [Nana] Jun!
- Oh, come on Nana.
What's the big deal?
The more we open up to each
other,
the quicker we can all become
friends.
- All right! What do you say
we start off with a toast?
- [Nana] She's right. If
they're gonna be my friends,
I should be able to open up to
them.
- [All] Cheers.
- [Nana] Okay. I better get
drunk fast
so I can loosen up a little.
Then I fell hopelessly in
love with baby face Yoshita,
the pizza delivery guy.
- Baby face Yoshita!
(Shoji laughs)
- I'm not kidding! He was really
cute!
- Okay, you two, keep it down.
You've had too much to drink.
- And you know what?
- [Shoji] Yeah?
- I kept ordering pizza so I
could see him
and gained 10 pounds, but
then he quit or something
and never came back. Leaving me
fat.
And for nothing!
- Nana. You are hilarious.
Isn't she hilarious?
- Nana, I think you've had
enough.
- It's all right. She's very
entertaining.
- Okay. Who was next?
Who was the next guy?
- The next one was...
(Shoji laughs)
- [Shoji] Seriously. There's
more?
(dramatic music)
- The next one was the man
whose name I didn't know.
Hey. I didn't think
I'd ever see you again.
I never asked your name
and you didn't tell me.
- Takashi Asano.
- Please just stop.
- Huh?
- He probably made up that name
anyway.
(Nana sobs)
- Nana...
- Does this always
happen when she's drunk?
- Nana, what's the matter?
- [Nana] No!
- Nana...
Sorry Shoji.
Come here.
- Junko...
- It's okay. You've just
had too much to drink.
That's all.
- [Nana] Don't touch me.
You never really loved me.
Don't touch me.
- Junko? I really need to get
going now.
I don't wanna miss the last
train.
- That's right. You live pretty
far away.
- Oh. And Kyosuke's fallen
asleep.
Is it okay if I just leave him
here?
- Sure. That won't be a problem.
- Thanks a lot, Junko. See ya.
- Can I ask you something,
Shoji?
- Hm?
- You're not seeing
anyone right now. Are you?
- Why? You've fallen in love
with me?
What are you looking at me like
that for?
I'll have you know,
I had a ton of girlfriends
when I was in high school!
It just so happens that
right now I'm single.
- (chuckling) I might have
guessed.
And you only came here tonight
so you could see Nana, right?
- Yeah. But Nana hates me.
She said, "No!"
- No, I don't think she hates
you.
Ever since she first saw you,
she's been going on about how
adorable and cool you are.
- No way!
- Anyway. Best of luck to you.
- What do you mean?
(Nana groans)
- Where on earth am I?
Oh, my head.
What the heck happened?
All right. Oh right, I'm at
Jun's place.
- [All] Cheers!
- Kyosuke and Shoji
brought over some beer.
We started drinking and then...
Well then I don't remember much,
but I think I had a fun time.
(Nana groans)
I never called home.
I'm gonna be in big trouble.
Jun, you got anything
for a head-
Ah...
- Yeah.
It's not what it looks like.
I mean, we just meant the
whole night talking, you know,
and we hit it off.
So we just.
- [Nana] Why is she
explaining herself to me?
- Well, you know,
I was hoping this would
happen 'cause I liked Junko
from the first moment I saw her.
- Well put, Kyosuke.
I totally understand.
Falling in love
isn't about logic.
- And Nana's the expert
on that subject.
- Huh? An expert.
How do you know about-
Jun! You blabbermouth.
- I didn't tell them! You did!
Remember?
- I did?
- Well, I think
I should get going.
I don't want to be
late for school
and I need to go home
and get changed.
- Nana. You won't have
time to go home.
You wanna borrow
something of mine to wear?
- I can't believe I told them!
How much do they know?
- You started with Mr. Okamoto,
the art teacher.
Then Nakamora at the
video store.
Kawasaki the cook. And
Yoshida the pizza delivery man.
You made quite a joke
out of it all.
- What was I thinking...
- When you got to Takashi...
Well, it's obvious you
haven't gotten him
outta your system yet.
- I've forgotten all about him.
Can talk about it no problem.
I laughed about him
like all the rest.
- [Junko] No, you were crying.
- Huh?
- As soon as you started
to talk about him,
you broke down in tears
right in front of us.
So anyway, what do
you think Shoji?
Do you want me to
fix you up with him?
He's kind of cute.
- Why would you say that?
Are you feeling guilty
because you got together
with Kyosuke?
- No, that's not it.
I'm just saying Shoji
is a really nice guy.
And I think if he had
a girlfriend,
he'd be totally loyal to her.
If you two got together,
he'd treat you well, Nana.
I guarantee it.
- Jun, you're so amazing!
If you were a guy,
I would definitely wanna
be your girlfriend.
- Oh God no.
I never wanna go out with you.
- You don't have to worry.
Shoji and I are going to be
good friends. That's all.
- [Junko] Huh?
- Shoji's friendship is
important to me.
And I think that would be ruined
if he became just a boyfriend.
- Just a boyfriend?
- Junko! Nana!
Good morning.
You're looking pretty good,
Nana.
- I feel pretty good.
I did wake up with a bit of a
headache,
but a couple of aspirin did the
trick.
I didn't see leave last night,
Shoji.
- [Junko] That certainly
perked her up.
Oh well, nevermind.
- Really?
- [Junko] Oh, I guess she'll be
all right.
- A movie?
- Yeah. You said you like
going to the movies, right?
So I thought if you're free,
maybe we could get together and
go-
- Sorry. No.
I only like going to see
movies on my own.
Having a friend sit beside
me would be too distracting.
- [Takashi] Yeah, I understand.
It's the same for me.
(Nana yelps)
- What? Oh, what have you
got against me, demon Lord?
- Demon Lord?
- For my entire life
I've been cursed by the
demon Lord of terror.
- What's that about?
You were just a bit clumsy.
It was an accident.
Now gimme your hand.
(Nana winces)
We've got to do this.
It'll get infected and hurt
even more if you leave it.
- [Nana] If you leave it...
- It's obvious you haven't
gotten him outta your system
yet.
(dramatic
piano music)
- It's true.
I can't forget him.
And the hurt is spreading
like an infection, Jun.
It gets worse as time goes by.
The more I look back on
the time I spent with him,
the more I think that everything
we had together was a lie.
Sometimes it hurts so much
I feel like I'm going to die.
If I go on like this,
my body will rot away.
I can't take it anymore!
- Okay. I'm done.
Your finger's gonna be fine.
It'll heal in no time.
- Thank you Shoji. That
was really nice of you.
- [Shoji] No, I'm not that nice.
Okay. Maybe just a little.
- Shoji... I'm wondering.
Do you know how to mend
a broken heart?
- [Shoji] Huh? A broken heart.
- Know what I think?
The only way is to fall
in love again.
That's the only cure.
Don't you think?
- Ha, absolutely.
(romantic piano music)
Nana I-
- Good! It's decided!
I need you to tell me where to
find all the cool young guys
that hang out around here.
- Cool young guys?
- Yeah. People my age,
no one wearing a suit.
- At the arcade?
- Nah, that's filled
with kids and old guys.
Too geeky.
Somewhere a bit more hip.
- I guess you could
always try a club?
- That's it!
(uplifting music)
I will fall in love.
I gotta start all over again.
I'll stop crying over a love
that's already disappeared.
I really need to fall deeply
in love
and that way I can banish
my former pathetic self
into the darkness.